# Dataset

## Main description

This folder contains all NGSI entity schemas and result entities generated from a successful scenario. The successful
scenario consists of the generation of a path from the input point cloud entity.

## Entities

In the folder [schemas](schemas) the entities of the arp solution are included.

### Camera

This [entity](schemas/camera.json) represents a camera. Example can be found [here](scenario/camera.json). 

### Device

This [entity](schemas/device.json) represents a device: [robot](scenario/robot.json), [conveyor belt](scenario/conveyor.json), 
or [orbital sander](scenario/orbitalsander.json). If the device represented in the entity is an orbital sander, 
the "diameter" attribute is used to update the ROSE-AP component parameters.  

### DeviceOperation

The current status of the [operations](schemas/deviceoperation.json). It is used to store informations about the recipe 
and the errors. The "requiredQuality" attribute is used to update the overlap percentage of the path in the ROSE-AP 
component. An example can be found [here](scenario/sanding.json).

### Image

This [entity](schemas/image.json) represents an [image](scenario/image.json).

### Measurement

This [entity](schemas/measurement.json) contains the output path generated by the ROSE-AP component. It should look similar to
the example given [here](scenario/measurement.json)

### PointCloud

This [entity](schemas/pointcloud.json) represents a [point cloud](scenario/pointcloud.json), the input data for the ROSE-AP component.

## Scenario

Using the NGSI entities in JSON format contained in the scenario folder, it is possible to reproduce a successful scenario 
of the application. It is not necessary to create the "Measurement" entity, because it is generated by the ROSE-AP component.

The simulated scenario of the entities consists of:

- a robot;

- a conveyor belt;

- a camera (and the acquired image);

- an orbital sander.

Entities should be created in this order:

1. [camera](scenario/camera.json);

2. [image](scenario/image.json);

3. [robot](scenario/robot.json);

4. [conveyor belt](scenario/conveyor.json)

5. [orbital sander](scenario/orbitalsander.json)

6. [device operation](scenario/sanding.json)

7. [point cloud](scenario/pointcloud.json)

8. (if ROSE-AP and Orion are running, this is not needed) [measurement](scenario/measurement.json)